Q: Can you think of an analogy between the process of tesselating hexagons and randomly generating a world using rooms and hallways? 
What is the hexagon and what is the tesselation on the Project 3 side?

A:Each room is like a hexagon, and the overall Hex would be to connect all the rooms using hallways.


Q: If you were to start working on world generation, what kind of method would you think of writing first? 
Think back to the lab and the process used to eventually get to tesselating hexagons.

A:I would first try to tackle drawing the floors, which would consists of first having a method to generate random rooms,
then branch out from the rooms to connect to other rooms using hallways.

Q: What distinguishes a hallway from a room? How are they similar?

A: A hallway is 1 dimentional and can connect to one or 2 rooms. A room can be either 1 or 2 dimentional must connect to at least 2 hallways

-----
Q: For tesselating hexagons, one of the hardest parts is figuring out where to place each hexagon/how to easily place hexagons on screen in an algorithmic way. 
After looking at your own implementation, consider the implementation provided near the end of the lab.
How did your implementation differ from the given one? What lessons can be learned from it?

A:My implementation was similar to the one given. I had a drawVert function which takes in a repetition int and draws int number of hexagons from bottom up.
  and I would call that function 5 times, passing in 3, 4, 5, 4, 3.


Q: Consider an algorithm for placing rooms and hallways on your map. 
Ideally, consider many algorithms and think about what makes some easier or harder to implement. Try and bring those ideas together into a single simple algorithm which accomplishes the task. 
In general, algorithms with as few edge cases as possible are better algorithms.

A:Random # generator that creates a random number of rooms with random width and heights around the world,
then because a random # generator is not fully random, return to the positions of the rooms using generator and branch out from rooms.
